Job Description

Develop web application prototypes, new technologies and products.

Build highly responsive and scalable web applications.

Build fully functional web applications with interfaces to backend database, writing clean and maintainable code.

Build fully functional, clear, testable backend RESTful/SOAP APIs with interfaces to backend database.

Resolve defects, and generally ensure accuracy, integrity, interoperability and completeness of system.

Build regularly automated tasks to perform functions specific to the project requirements.

Build interfaces to exchange data between various third-party systems.

Resolve defects, and generally ensure accuracy, integrity, inter-operability and completeness of system.

Troubleshoot and debug to optimize performance.

Prepare and deliver software related documentation.

Provide timely updates to the web and backend application.

Provide support and maintenance of existing software web application projects.

Respond to users in a timely manner.

Work with fellow software engineers to coordinate the development effort and ensure overall consistency in the coding and the interfacing between various components and sub-systems in order to achieve a full functioning solution.

Work with consultants to craft user stories, assess feasibility and build demonstration showcases.

Work with consultants and senior engineers to develop test scenarios to ensure full functionality of system before user acceptance test.

Work with customers and partners, both internal and external where there will be collaboration for knowledge transfer.



Essential Skills and Experience

At least a Diploma, Advanced/Higher/Graduate Diploma, Bachelor's Degree, Post Graduate Diploma or Professional Degree in Engineering (Computer/Telecommunication), Computer Science/Information Technology or equivalent.

Entry Level or up to 2 years of relevant working experience.

Tech Stack Requirements: ASP.NET Framework 4.5 or .NET Core, C#, HTML, CSS, Javascript, SQL Server.

Good problem solving, logical reasoning, planning and time management skills.

Effective communication and technical writing skills.

Strong interest in software engineering.

Willingness to learn on the job, and constantly eager to learn new skills on one’s own.

Ability to work well in teams and also independently in a fast-paced environment.

Familiarity with mobile application development (with Xamarin) is a plus.

Familiarity with backend API development (with .NET technologies) is a plus.

Domain knowledge in accounting, or procurement, or inventory management, or leasing, or computerized maintenance management, or billing, or resource booking, or Enterprise Resource Planning is a plus.